what is up YouTube headphones and stuff
doing a quick video on the g-shock GA
201 s1a there we go so here's the watch
I'm going to try and get some better
lighting right here so as you can see
the band as well as the face is a matte
black with a the silver accenting buckle
as well as buttons this model is
basically almost the same as this model
except that model has a little bit more
chrome and is a gloss black so let me
try and get some good lighting here as
you can see it says casio g-shock
and it has your time in seconds as well
as AM or PM on the left there
and it has your day of the week on the
right
and if you push forward you get your
data so let's go through the modes here
you have your stopwatch your timer your
world time your alarm and just a regular
hour time sorry about the lighting it's
kind of hard to get this watch on video
due to this kind of Chrome
inside there as you can see it does have
hands which are again like Chrome with a
white tip so you can kind of see where
they are
if you look at the band here I haven't
seen many G shots that have a band like
this with these X's on it I'm not sure
if that's only exclusive to this
particular model or if it's on others
but this is the first one I've seen with
a band like that let's watch in
particular I can get on video is Casio
Thailand module number 5 2 to 9 so yeah
that's about it for the video if you
liked it make sure to give it a thumbs
up and if you didn't like it make sure
to give it a thumbs down check out some
of my other videos I do videos on other
G Shox I have I believe over 30 at the
moment and I also do videos on
headphones and other things like that
so make sure to check them out see you